Valentina on its-complicated

I offer therapy for individuals as well as couples. I practice an eclectic approach based on CBT, existential psychotherapy, and feminist theory. My practice is contemporary, alternative and socio-politically engaged.

I grew up moving around a lot with my family, so I empathise greatly with the strife of being away from home and trying to integrate into an unfamiliar culture. Psychology and helping others has always been my calling. I have, in the past years, gained invaluable experience to equip me as a practitioner. I have studied neuroscience, addiction (from a sociological perspective as well), fundamental psychological theories, and specific therapeutic tools. I have practiced in a private clinic setting and worked with a wide variety of patients. I have experience with group therapy and have treated patients with addiction, mood disorders, psychotic disorders, personality disorders, trauma, and relationship issues. I am comfortable working with clients of all ages.  Queer-positive; body-positive; polyamory-affirmative; feminist.

My Approach
My approach is mainly eclectic and informed by intersectional feminist theory. I believe each person needs tailored therapy that pulls from all relevant theories and toolkits; some methods are better suited to some people and I adapt my approach based on the individual, the specific problems they are encountering, and their goals. I tend to focus on the present moment and on actionable tools so that clients can see the benefits of their therapy concretely. My practice is about self-discovery and awareness and how we can channel this knowledge into changing maladaptive behaviors. I also practice a feminist therapy approach - a modality that focuses on seeing the personal as political. The approach views gender, sexuality, and other marginalizing forces as significant stressors on mental health, and applies a multicultural, egalitarian lens on psychotherapy.  I believe therapy is a space where problematic and outdated societal ideas can be challenged, where clients can be equipped with the strength and perspective necessary to deconstruct learned behaviors and beliefs that are no longer serving them nor society at large.  I believe in creating a thoroughly safe, warm, and informal environment in therapy, where clients can be radically honest and experience relief and understanding. This creates the right basis for then doing the necessary work to see changes and to evolve and grow past the problems you are currently experiencing.  I currently am only offering online sessions.

---
